# Act One: The Tomb
  
  - Met up with everyone and handed over masks.
  - Filled everyone in on events found in 2021-06-16.md
  - Went to the Ella Family Tomb.
  - In the tomb's entry chamber, a large statue of an anubite - the guardians of the dead - was displayed in prominence.
    - Statue has a hidden lever in the foot, appears to move the statue off of a set of stairs down into the tomb.

# Act Two: Beneath the Statue
  
  - Stairs lead down, with jackals carved into the wall every twenty feet or so.
  - Mariana dragged Denahrek to the floor after he cast fly, causing them both to tumble down the stairs and take 17 pts of bludgeoning damage.
  - Jackal statue at the base told the party to "begone from this place"
  - Attempted to reason with the statue, unsurprisingly this did not work.
  - Several carvings of jackals carrying out various acts of worship, battle, and inaction are present.
    - Attempted to press the worshipping jackals, this resulted in flaming skulls being released
    - Went back up and took note of the order of jackals in the stairway, input that combination
  - Secret door opened after inputting the correct sequence of jackal carvings
  - Behind the door was a trapped corridor, which Delfy disarmed
  - Came across a corpse of someone that did not look like it belonged

# Act Three: The Chamber
  
  - After the corpse, we discovered a chamber with many defaced inscriptions and carvings
  - Mariana squeezed into a tight space in the chamber, discovering a defiled sarcophagus
  - After discovering the sarcophagus, four anubites made of sand coallesced and attacked
  - Mariana decided it was a fantastic idea to defile a sarcophagus of her own (why though?!)
  - Denahrek went down
  - Mariana got attacked by a long tongued something and went down - nobody is with her
  - Katarina healed Denahrek for 6pts health, returning him to consciousness
  - Katarina and Delfy went after Mariana, got her back on her feet
  - Thargad triggered a mechanism by rushing ahead and stepping on a slab, causing a massive wall of sand to rise, obscuring vision of Thargad and the enemy inside the chamber
  - Rug of Smothering attacked Radames (twice)
  - After combat, entered the chapel and the others reconvened, had short rest
  - Discovered a secret chamber in which there were six statues, checked to see if it was part of a mechanism, cast detect magic, did not discover anything except from the gems containing illusory magic and there being a lot of necromantic magic around