# Beasts of the Subterranean City

- As the party continues ahead, they run into a large room.
- Thalon approaches a blue glow and finds himself stuck by some strands of webbing.
- Radames approaches to see what Thalon has come up against.
- Radames is also stuck
- Gaul approaches to help.
- He is also stuck.
- Gaul is dragged towards the light, and sees something large approaching from a hole in the ceiling.
- Anyone stuck is afflicted with acid burns.

## The First Beast

- The approaching thing is revealed to be a monstrous worm.
- The webbing is revealed to be tied to the worm.
- The worm is set ablaze by Gaul.
- Thalon loses his arm
- Gaul eventually falls into unconscience as his resistance fails him.
- It's mostly a battle of attrition, with help from the other's the worm eventually dies.

## The Second Encounter

- After the chamber with the worm, the party takes a short rest.
- At the close of the short rest they hear a Wyvern's death cry.
- The party looks for the source, eventually coming across four minotaurs arguing over who gets to eat the heart.
- Thargad makes and fails a history check.
- Gaul makes an arcana check, gets the following:
  - This obsession with eating hearts, the madness you see in their eyes. This all points towards one focal point of legend, the past of the minotaurs. Dunamiphagy. The consumption of the heart of your enemies to gain power. Something your kind have studied by forcefully feeding prisoners. But you've so far only observed the minotaurs becoming mad bloodthirsty beasts as a result.
- He omits the part about force feeding, mentioning Dumnamiphagy.
- This prompts Thargad to remember what it is.
- The party engages, being shielded from most of the effects of the fireballs Gaul throws their way.
- Gradually the four fall.
- The Wyveren is confirmed to be that of Todd, after a journal is discovered with mentions of Delphi and Nergul... as well as a rating of various brothels he has visited.

## The Purge

- The party sees tracks leading down another tunnel, and hears a cry for help.
- Thargad rushes to help
- Upon arriving Thargad goes to reach out, but notices the minotaur is afflicted by the Tinu Nún
- Gaul immediately sets the man on fire
- The minotaur wears a look of betrayal as he is englufed in flames.
- In the background, Thargad the Steadfast watches on. He turns and leaves.
  
## Fresh Air

- The party follows the tracks onward, eventually reaching the surface.
- Thargad gives the travel brief, informing people it's labyrinthine and party should stay close.
- As Thargad finishes this speech, the party hears a deep roar eminating from the centre of the city.
- They move to investigate. Finding the source, it's hundreds of cheering in an amphitheatre.
- The minotaurs are cheering at the spectacle of two circling minotaurs wielding rusty swords reluctantly.
- One of the minotaurs is Thargad the Farseer. The other is a female.
- The crowd all jeer as the party enters the arena.
- A booming voice shouts "The sands must be fed, one must die."
- Gaul throws a fireball at the voice and says "Feed it yourself."
- The crowd enters the arena, the party open the gate blocking the exit, holding it open long enough to get the party and Thargad's family through.
- Gaul throws a fireball at some of the minotaurs that entered the arena, shouting "Sands fed, now sod off"
- The party realises the minotaurs are all bloodcrazed like those they saw in the sewers.
- Gaul and Mariana say a purge maybe necessary.
- We find Inoria with Todd and Delphi.
- Inoria looks different.
- Radames thinks the smile on her face is indicating that she's happy to see him. We're not sure!