# Reunion Party

- Delphy can be seen with Inoria, Todd is bleeding out - Delphy has a knife in his hand, it is bloody.
- Radames moves in to kiss Inoria.
- Inoria looks shocked, "Radames?" she says faintly. Her head jerks to the side, looking to the centre of the city.
- Sprouting from her back, there are tendrils of blood, snaking around her body like an embrace.
- Gaul looks on confused, wondering what Inoria is. He looks vaguely ill at what he sees.
  - Gaul recognises it as Kaa'nesh blood magic.
- Inoria turns to liquid in Radames' arms, she becomes a pool of blood on the ground. The blood feels surprisingly cold on Radames' arms.
- Delphy says that Todd was infected, Gaul reacts instantly and incinerates Todd's body.
- This triggers a discussion from Delphy about whether we can abandon Gaul. The party denies the request.
- Radames climbs to the rooftops.

## An Execution, or a Rescue?

- A great bell can be heard as the party is discussing whether to leave the city. A booming voice exclaims, "The time for the execution of Thargad is nigh, let us gather."
- Thargad the Swift explains to The Farseer that if they leave the city, they must warn the army not to attack, warn of the Dunamiphagy, the Tinu Nún, and that we're taking care of it.
- Delphy explains about the skull man.
- Gaul hears it and racks his brain (Arcana check: 19).
  - This is a herald of the void, wherever he has been sighted great destruction has followed. Omen of the apocalypse essentially.
- The part heads towards the sound of the bells.
- Upon reaching the location of the execution we see Inoria, in a state of subservience, becoming a pool of blood. A shaved minotaur (Thargad The Steadfast) also stands.
- A white minotaur (Thargad the Quiet) and the queen are also present. The queen looks tired.
- Gaul pushes Thargad the Swift into the courtyard and joins Thargad.
- The Queen says "You would interrupt this sacred offering?"
- She asks where the "Star man" is (Thalon?).
- Thargad says "He isn't here"
- Apparently Thalon carries something needed to save the minotaurs. The Queen seeks to be unbind them as a race from the stars, it would seem?
- Thargad the Steadfast is infected by Tinu Nún. Must kill him.
- Gaul gets attacked by black blood from the Steadfast. Passes a con check. Possibly?
- Gaul goes down but is saved by Heart to Heart. Thargad brings him up.
- The Steadfast is taken down by Thargad in one hit.

## Inside the Palace, Conflicting Prophecies

- The party enters the palace and barricades the door.
- Gaul sits down after the fight, exhausted. He warns that the army that has entered the city (Karipos' army), will need to isolate. The party will need to isolate as well.
- Inoria says we must stop the queen, admits she's infected by Tinu Nún. Gaul holds off for now, but it is clear he's not happy that he's out of spells to incinerate her.
- Karipos begins attacking the door, Gaul assaults his mind to see who it is... Karipos is not happy :sweat_smile:
- Karipos explains that Nalmisel said we could not wait. Gaul asks what they know.
- It seems like the Red Skull / Star Body man is tied into their plans.
- Delphy's vision conflicts with Nalmisel's. Each sees a different person lying dead, in the arms of the other. Nalmisel sees Thargad, Delphy sees Nalmisel.
- We hear chanting in void speech as we approach the chamber.
- In the chamber we see tapestries of the stars, Thargad the Quiet standing with a bloody knife in hand over a minotaur female (Vala the Just?). The queen is standing in the room.
- Thargad the Swift runs the queen through with his sword.
- Unfortunately the ritual has been complete, the party is too late.
- Thargad the Swift attempts to save the female, confirmed to be the Just, the Quiet is seen to be a Darakul.
- The Swift casts Radiant Burst, causing the Quiet to recoil in disgust.
- The Maelstrøm of the Void continues growing.
- The Swift proclaims "I'm sorry father, but as a dire ghoul you must be purged."
- The Quiet exlaims "This isn't what you promised me!"
- The Swift "I did not promise you anything. I'm sorry father, or whatever you are. You are finished."
- Gaul looks at the Maelstrøm, approaches it. He recognises this as a portal.
- He looks at the portal, it feels like something is looking back. As he touches the portal, his fingers begin to disintegrate. He skitters back, exclaiming "Don't touch it. That was stupid, that was stupid."
- Gaul asks Thalon if he has any ideas on how to close the portal. Thalon says "There is no closing this, not until we've satisfied it."
- Thargad asks the obvious question "How do we satisfy it?"
- A figure steps out of the portal, the red skulled creature. The portal snaps shut.
- Gaul just says "fuck."