# The Infection

- We gained access to the rebel camp
- Gaul was tied up due to no trust in scalies.
- We ended up convincing them to allow us to infiltrate the city of Vesparas instead of just burning it to the ground
- Inoria is in the city

## Marching Tide of Beef

- The minotaurs are on the march when we a scout returned to the army
- The scout relays a message that the undead are being used
- Radames returns to the rest of the party and tells us of it
- We go to the scout to find him dead, surrounded by a crowd
- Checking the corpse, it feels like there is something writhing beneath the skin
- Whilst he is thinking, Gaul instructs them to burn the body on a hunch.
- Gaul rolls for arcana after this:
  - NAT 20 BABY!
  - Info derived: Once long ago you read of a parasitic creature born of the great void outside of Midgard, home to the starspawn and other such mysterious creatures. Said to be the size of a speck of dust, the elves of Thorn called it a "Tinu nún" or stardust in the common tongue. It allegedly infects its hosts in an airborne fashion and manifests within a few days. Fire being the only known way to kill it.
  - Once infected, the questionably living being will grow inside its host, eventually consume its consciousness entirely.

## The City Gates

- The party rushes ahead, arriving at the city instead of a horde of undead. This confuses them, and they request access to the city.
- The person they discuss this with is murdered and the gates are closed.
- A single crossbow bolt is fired at the party and Gaul uses his magic to cause the gate to ring out as if struck by a seige ram.
- This causes the city guard on the walls to metaphorically shit themselves, giving the party time to withdraw
- At a safe distance, Radames looks over the wall for weak points that could be exploited.
- Thargad suggests the port, the sewers, or the aqueduct as an option for point of entry
- Gaul says he could take the gate down given time, and can handle crowd control - should they go down that route

## The Sewers

- The party decided to go through the sewers.
- In the sewers, they came across a creature of starlight... probably a Tinu nún?
- We struggled against it, it constantly forced wisdom saves upon attacking it.
- Eventually, it was killed with fire.