# A Wayward Soul

- The group is joined by a Darakhul barbarian, Star Eyes - formerly of the Ravenfolk... now damned to a half-life standing between both worlds.
- Cult of Mammon has a presence in the town.
- The Hunter is... hunting us omg.

## The Road to Hengksburg

- A peasant, who looks vaguely familiar, approaches the group. He exclaims "Mistress, you're alive!"
- The peasant continues "The master wishes he could help you but he has more pressing engagements."
- The peasant is Ardbert.
- A Swolbold joins alongside Star Eyes, much larger than your average Kobold.
- We visit a Derro smithy who has information on the Harlequinn, after a little bit of light threatening, he reveals he has a weapon that may help.
- He brings out a staff, one side eternally in winter - representing death and decay - the other in summer, representing the opposite.
- Ro'arkanin exsanguinates the Derro.
- Star Eyes chops off his hands to gain use of a wonderous item, Clockwork Hands. Gives +2 to weapon attacks made with the hand or hands.
- On the road to Hengksburg, the party passes a red sister, her guard, and a teenager - likely for sacrifice.
- Katarina inquires, finding out the teenager is an offering to the mayor. Katarina offers to take her to the mayor in place of the Red Sister so that the sister can get to the temple quicker.
- Katarina obviously releases the girl after some persuasion.

## A diversion to the Cathederal

- Katarina decides to go to the cathederal after releasing the girl.
- Katarina and Star Eyes use the sister's entrance, being whipped by shadows on the wall as they walk through the entry corridor.
- Ro'arkanin and Swolbold enter through the entrance for non-sisters. The Swolbold kisses a face of Mareena and the pair are granted entrance.
- Katarina goes to the Chamber of the Chosen and receives Mareena's blessing.
- The party goes to the altar, and heads behind a concealing curtain.
- Thousands of candles are behind the curtain, the sanctum houses iron maidens and glass statues of dancing females, illuminated green by the candles.
- To each side of the sanctum are doors with skulls on them.
- As we move between the statues, it feels as though they're moving.
- The party hears a crash as 76 (the Swolbold) smashes a statue by accident.
- Opening the door to the right of the sanctum (facing the altar), we see a group of four women rushing out of the room - a scourge is lying in each chamber they are coming from.
- ENTER INITATIVE!

## Cathederal of Blood

- The statues come to life
- Ro'arkanin lobs a fireball at them
- Two of the sisters die, most of the statues down, more sisters join combat, Ro'arkanin unleashes a blood elemental
- Most of the sisters are dead, the Blood Elemental is draining them slowly and growing in size.
- Once everyone is dead we check out the other chamber, it has a set of chests and a wardrobe.
- It has another two doors, one leading to another chamber with a writing desk and a coffin. The writing desk has a letter referencing some caverns.
- The other leads to the chamber of a vampire lord. We discuss. He lets us go to kill Rodanna.
- As we leave we see a blood sister, who is very confused. She asks "what is going on here"
- Katarina explains that they failed an important mission and had to be purged :shrug:
- The party leaves.
- Ro'arkanin summons a devil. Makes a bargain. Gets a ring. It's bound to his soul. He's fucked.

## Into the depths of Midgard

- The group goes through caverns, looking for those mentioned in the letter.
- Going through the cavern a knight charged us on a ghoulmount.
- Multiple times
- We almost died
- Multiple times
- Katarina finally decided enough  was enough and bound the mount in divine chains.
- KING KONG ARRIVES
- Eventually we took down multiple ambushes, and finally Ro'arkanin took down the darakhul knight.