# Session begins

Present: Nick, JC, Zoinz, Ben, Dan

## Act One

  - Returned from the tomb, got chided by Ella family
  - Returned to Khepri's house, it was destroyed and full of claw marks
  - Long rest: Denahrek lost 20hp max through darakhul fever
  - There was a commotion after they took a long rest
  - A crowd has gathered by the gate, which has been barred.
  - Decided to head to the gravebinders, after Denahrek trips a man from the wall, which he was climbing up. Because Denahrek is a dick.
  - Anu-Akma's book of the hungering dead was the reward spoken of by the gravebinders
  - Met a member of the honourable society with access to a portal to the underworld, offerred free usage of it
  - Farra, Radames' daughter, asks us to finish off Kauket, doubling down on Khepri's wishes
  - We decide to discuss on the way back to Khepri's house, coming up with a plan for dealing with it
  - Radames checks if everyone is willing
  - Ro'Arkanin says yes, Katarina says yes, Denahrek says yes, Arr says yes - others are not in session

## Taking down Kauket

  - Ella family guy brings a wheelbarrow of silver, copper, and gold
  - Denahrek gives him 100gp back so he isn't out of pocket
  - Denahrek studies the urn for an hour, discovers that it can be tapped for power. It is tempting to use it, but there's no way to work out how to do this as yet. More study required.
  - Could trap Kauket in it, but to do so, we'd need to release the ghoul king... Kauket would need to be significantly weakened as well.
  - With time it may be possible to communicate with the trapped entity, but this would take substantial study.
    - Denahrek totally isn't tempted by this prospect 👀
  - Find out that Radames' body had the Essence of Wosyet on it
  - Khepri began her ritual, blotted out the sun. Anubites appeared. Fighting ensued.
  - Kauket eventually appears, the gang is heavily wounded.
  - Denahrek goes down
  - Thargad goes down
  - And they're back up
  - Denahrek goes back down
  - Katarina is also down
  - King Kong is back
  - Everyone is down except Thargard and Arr
  - Thargad gets Katarina back up
  - Everyone but Ro'Arkanin gets back up after Katarina heals them
  - Farra heals Ro'Arkanin getting him back up
  - Kauket kills Farra, freezing in place
  - Thargad wrestles with Kauket
  - Radames pulls the heart out of Kauket's chest
  - After a brief exchange, Khepri moves towards Radames to stab him
  - Denahrek doesn't show any mercy, he kills Khepri... (totally forgot I had a non-lethal cantrip here my bad 😅)
  - Radames begins to fade after a while, his task complete
  - Radames has an exchange with Khepri and Labaris, offering him to join them in the afterlife
  - Radames declines, giving up his chance at an afterlife as far as we understand it