# Act One

  - Thargad's family is under threat of execution
  - Katarina appears to be surrounded by a lot of people
  - Power seems to be leaking from the stone
  - Denahrek bought a scroll of sending for Thargad, sends as follows to Todd:
    - Which Thargard executed?
    - Why being executed?
    - Why Nalmisel Need aid?
    - Katarina with us Over.
    - Why she at Grisal
    - How is kid and Everyone?
    - Going underworld.
  - Response as follows:
    - "Katarina told us you? By Karibos. Nalmisel insisted we go. Left the kid and the babe with Katarina for safety. Shit, is this a trap?"
  - We decide to head to the Black Canton.
  - The Dwarves are incredibly tense and want us to hand over the real Katarina, however Thargad explains that there is an impersonator.
  - The fortress commander is dead
  - On his chest is written:
    - In Darakhul: “I offer this to thee Lady in Red as a taste of what is to come. Soon the bright light will shine no longer. Return home Kat”
    - We take this to mean that this is an offerring to Mareena, there's more to come. The next sacrifice will be the child Mariana is protecting, Katarina needs to return to Morgau.
  - The Band of the Twice Damned is attacking Black Canton, they're an elite spec ops team from Morgau
  - Split into two groups:
    - Group A: Thargard, Radames, Delfy, and Denahrek, seeking Inoria, Nalmisel, and Todd
    - Group B: Katarina, Mariana, Ro'Arkanin, and Arr, seeking Mariella and the Elf child
  - Offered a Ring of Respite by Rogan